Add customizable Serializer to Results (#2755)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/core/concepts/results.md

### Choose a `Serializer`

> `Serializers` tell Prefect how to transform Python objects into bytes and recover them later. The default `PickleSerializer` uses `cloudpickle`, but you can write your own by adopting this template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Serializer` tells Prefect how to transform Python objects into bytes and recover them later. The default implementation (`PickleSerializer`) uses `cloudpickle`, but you can write your own by adopting this template:
```
